[Storage Version Migrator] docs: adds feature gates and runtime config information (#46987)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/storage-version-migration.md

{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}

> Set `StorageVersionMigrator` and `InformerResourceVersion` feature gates to
> `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your cluster has the `StorageVersionMigrator` and `InformerResourceVersion`
[feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
enabled. You will need control plane administrator access to make that change.
```

(You typically don't set them to true, you add them to a list of enabled gates)

Enable storage version migration REST api by setting runtime config

> `storagemigration.k8s.io/v1alpha1` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`storagemigration.k8s.io/v1alpha1` to `true` for the API server. For more information on
how to do that,
read [enable or disable a Kubernetes API](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/enable-disable-api/).
```

> 

Author: @sftim Is there a better way to add feature gates and runtime config info? Any example I can follow?

Reviewer: There's a guide at https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/new-content/new-features/#ready-for-review-feature-gates but it doesn't cover specifically what you're asking.
